# Project-3-The-Web-5
This program scrapes the OSU news website(https://news.osu.edu/) for articles from user-inputted topics and returns an HTML webpage with an image representing the article, the article headline, a short description of the article, the author, the date published, a link to the article, and a link to a separate webpage that consists of all the links contained in the article. The included gemfile consists of the gems mechanize, nokogiri, httparty, and test-unit. The output file of this program will appear in the htmlFiles folder. To run the tests for this program, ensure test-unit is installed from the gemfile, and that the current directory is tests, and then type “ruby (test name).rb”    

To run the project, please type “ruby main.rb” in the console

# Sprint #1:
Quantez (Overall Project Manager) will create methods for asking the user to choose the earliest date that a generated article is from, which topic they want to pull from, and the method of sorting, grab the images associated with each article, and create a method for sorting the articles the way the user requested for the html output file 

Gavin (Implementation Manager) will create a method for connecting to the osu news site, opening the section that the user specifies, grabbing each article’s webpage for processing, and create a method for generating a secondary page for each news article including every hyperlink and its associated text for the html output file 

Amyas (Documentation Manager) will create a function for grabbing each url that is embedded into the webpage for an individual article along with its corresponding link title, and create a method for looping through each article pulled and inserting its information into the file for the html output file 

Roberto (Testing Manager) will make a class called Article which stores important information about each article for later use, create methods for getting the author, headline, and description from an individual article, and create a method for creating the html file and inserting information about what news articles are in it for the html output file 

Selemon (Meeting Manager) will make a class called Article which stores important information about each article for later use, create a function for grabbing the date and url of an individual article, and creat create a html file and a method for grabbing and generating an array that holds the values being sorted for each article for the html output file

# Sprint #2:
Quantez created the methods get_topic, get_sort, alphabetical_sort, date_sort, author_sort, main, and image. Quantez created the files for main, sort, sort_tests and userInput. Quantez wrote all of the code in the methods listed above. Quantez assisted with the methods get_url, display_url_info, write_articles, and storingArticles. Quantez wrote tests for the image method in the article class, and the sort methods. To get a more detailed view of the contributions by Quantez and the functionality of the methods, please view the documentation for each of the methods listed above.  

Gavin created a method for connecting to the osu news site and returning a page containing articles under a specific topic. Gavin created a method for turning a string into a url extension-friendly string by removing whitespace and the & char. He created a method which grabs every link that leads to an article from a page and puts it into an array. Finally, he created functionality for creating separate files to be populated with url info for each article.

Amyas created the url.rb file and the methods within it. The get_url function gets all of the url's in the user-selected article using mechanize and returns a hashmap containing the links and their text. The display_url_info fuction scraps a user selected article and outputs the url and hyperlinked text of each hyperlink in the body of an article (not the entire webpage). The methods in this file add to the core functionality of our program by allowing the user to quickly read and navigate to the webpages of important topics contained within the article without having to read the article itself. As the documentation manager, Amyas refactored comments in various files to make them more formal (containing parameter and return tags). 

Roberto created the Article class. The Article class is a representation of the HTML of an article from the OSU news website. This article was web scraped using HTTParty. The html of the article was parsed using the Nokogiri gem. An instance variable @document was used in Article class that is used to represent the parsed html. Roberto created the author, headline, and description methods in the Article class and the test cases for them. These methods returned a String of the information. Roberto created the generate_file, write_body, and write_article methods in html.rb. These methods were used to create the output by writing the html syntax to an html file. Roberto documented all of his contributions to these methods.

Selemon created a method to grab the date of individual articles from the OSU news page and a method that grabs the url of articles in the article file.  Selemon created an html file that  generates an html file for the data that the user is asking for using the aforementioned methods and a method that grabs the articles and returns an array containing each article pulled from the osu news site. Selemon also added output of the url of the article to the output html file under write_article method.  Selemon created test cases for date and url methods in the article tests file. Selemon also created a html test file and test case for the storingArr method. Selemon is also a meeting manager and we have been meeting every monday and friday, every team member was attending all the meetings for this project.